>> Brian Holt: So let's go ahead and
go make animal change now work.
>> Brian Holt: So
we'll do handleAnimalChange up here.
>> Brian Holt: this.setState.
>> Brian Holt: To be
animal:event.target.value.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a predefined
list of acceptable animal
parameters to provide
to the pet finder API.
It's an unchanging static list of ten
different animal types like cats, birds,
dogs, barnyard.
There's a couple of them, right.
And I've actually just stowed this
away inside of pet finders so
you can actually just pull it straight
out of the pet finder client for you.
So let's go ahead and do that now.
In general the way I would do it is I
would say const animals = animals, right,
and it's actually smart enough to go auto
import this from pet finder client again.
But let's go write it up there so
you know how I got it in here.
So import, and
then I'm gonna put curly braces here,
animals like this, from petfinder-client.
This is a array of strings, as you can
see right here, and it's just a bunch
of different animal types that
are coming from the petfinder client.
Again, this isn't technically
destructuring, but it looks and
functions like destructuring.
We're just pulling the animals named
export out of petfinder client.
That's what that's actually doing.
>> Brian Holt: So under our input
down here, so under this label,
we're gonna put another label,
label for htmlFor, rather.
>> Brian Holt: Animal,
this again will be Animal, like this.
And we're going to make a select.
>> Brian Holt: id=animal.
>> Brian Holt: Value=this.state.animal.
>> Brian Holt: onChange,
this.handleAnimalChange.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm pretty sure that if I try and
close this without a blur change, yeah.
So if you have onChange,
you'll also have to have onBlur.
>> Brian Holt: Otherwise it's not
accessible because you can technically go
through, change something with a keyboard,
and then tab away from it, and
it wouldn't technically change a,
cause an onChange.
So that's why you have an onBlur as well,
to double make sure that every
device works with these selects.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, the first thing that
I want on here is just an empty thing,
right, like an empty option that
reflects having nothing selected, right.
So they can choose no animal,
which is show me all of the animals.
So the way you can do that is just put
an empty option up here, like that.
Or as Prettier will make me do it,
it'll just condense it down to that.
So even if I try and
do that, Prettier will just automatically
condense that down to that.
Animals, this is just an array of strings,
so we're gonna say ANIMALS.map
>> Brian Holt: Animal, and
we will implicitly return here.
>> Brian Holt: Option.key =animal.
Value=animal.
And the string is animal.
So we use animal three times.
>> Brian Holt: Key because you need some
sort of key so that React, anytime that
you're doing a map, you just have to
give it a key, that's just how it works.
Value is that's what's actually going
to be saved in your state if someone
selects it.
And then we actually want to show them a
good display name, so we show them animal.
>> Brian Holt: Which is
how that ends up looking.
>> Brian Holt: Good?
>> Brian Holt: So
now we should be able to select an animal.
>> Brian Holt: I probably need
to change that back to ping.
This should just be location on line 24,
location.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now I have Seattle, Washington up here.
But now I also have a list of
animals that I can choose what
kind of animal I wanna search for.
>> Brian Holt: So you can search for
small furry animals.
>> Brian Holt: Typically I'd want to have
better display names for this, but for
now this works.
This is actually what you
have to send to the API.
You have to send small furry or
it does not recognize it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Student: So
when you select the animal right now,
does it populate into your field?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, so
that's a good question.
So let's actually just open our dev tools,
I think that's the easiest
way to show it here.
Dev tools,
>> Brian Holt: And
then go to React,
we go to searchParams, right.
So you can see here,
animal is blank right now.
If I select a dog,
you can see that it updates to dog.
Or smallFurry, or I could even come
in here and change it to cat, and
it changes it over there.